displaced Palestinian children in RAF
trying to do what children do at times
of Peace but nothing is normal here
Israeli bombardment is a daily reality
the winter is Extreme and the place is a
school not suitable
accommodation the school has turned into
a shelter instead of a place for
learning both my school and my home in
beon were destroyed that's why I'm
here we are talking about a blank
Academic Year but due to the war there
is no school since October 7 until now
we can't predict what's going to happen
there is about 44 schools in Rafa in 29
facilities 26 of them are serving as
shelters
present students remember the old days
before the war and the sad moments
since before the War I was a hardworking
student my teachers appreciated me a lot
now instead of books I'm keeping my
clothes inside my school bag and I'm
living in a school but I can't learn of
all children's rights I'm demanding only
one which is to be able to complete my
education we were supposed to be in a
school only for learning not to displace
people but this was what the occupation
has done to us it has destroyed our
dreams and our future and made us
homeless Israeli bombardment on Gaza has
killed 10,000 children so far according
to the Palestinian Health Ministry the
impact on those still alive is
[Music]
traumatic obviously this barbaric War
has deeply affected children they're
suffering from constant anxiety Sleep
Disorders extreme fear constant crying
total absence of any feeling of safety
they have clear signs of psychological
trauma causing some of them to refuse to
eat in addition to the physical wounds
and diseases that are
spreading I feel I'm just angry at
school we used to enjoy learning and
discussing with colleagues now I'm
sitting in a school doing nothing just
looking at the
wall every child here speaking to the
media says all they want is peace and to
be able to go back to school and home
not clear how long they'll have to wait
mamad make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer